Last time on
Yu-Gi-Oh! Zexal.
Weasel: ...shark's...
in... trouble...
he and the other guys are
gonna break into the museum
and steal that rare deck.
They're probably gonna make
shark take all the blame.
Scorch: Who are you?
Yuma: I'm the kid
that's gonna stop you
from doing what
you're about to do.
If you guys wanna take
another step forward,
you're both gonna
have to duel me!
CHILLS: What's the Wager?
If you manage to defeat me,
then my number card is yours!
But if I win, then you
walk away from this museum.
This isn't two on one.
This is gonna be a
three on one battle.
You ready, shark?
SHARK: Actually...
it's gonna be two on two.
Together: Let's duel!
I summon number 61!
Volcasaurus!
And say hello to
a world of hurt!
Your number card's
as good as ours.
[laughing]
♪ if life is a game
they say I can't win ♪
♪ I'll never amount to nothin' ♪
♪ tear me down
before my life begins ♪
♪ I won't be afraid
to challenge myself ♪
♪ they won't ever
break my fire ♪
♪ my dreams won't die
if I high-Five the sky ♪
♪ spread my wings take
off it's time to fly ♪
♪ take a chance to
make it all the way ♪
♪ take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ take a chance believe ♪
♪ nothing will bring me down ♪
♪ no retreat when I
leave all my fears behind ♪
♪ my future's still
alive inside ♪
♪ take a chance and
Chase my doubts away ♪
♪ believing gets me
through my darkest days ♪
♪ take a chance to
make it all the way ♪
♪ take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ take a breath my heart
will lead the way ♪
♪ take a chance, I'll
take a chance in today ♪
You shouldn't have
messed with us, you two.
You shoulda stayed at
home in your pajamas.
I think my partner
meant to say,
you shoulda stayed in
your crib, in your diapers!
TORI: Oh no.
They're laughing at us.
Yeah you're right,
but don't worry cause we
have the advantage now, yuma.
Volcasaurus used up all it's
overlay units already.
Alright!
So that means no
more special ability!
Hmph,
that maybe True pipsqueak,
but I didn't need it to
take out shark anyway.
Cause you see, my volcasaurus
can attack him directly!
Look out!
I activate my trap!
Zeus' breath!
This card can blow off
your monster's attack!
It looks like you
lucked out this time.
Whew!
That was a close one.
You think you're safe now?
There's only one
way This is ending.
You're gonna lose, and
utopia's gonna be ours!
I place two cards
facedown and end my turn!
My go then...
I draw!
Goblindbergh,
take to the skies!
When goblindbergh flies
to the front line,
it can pick up a level
4-Or-Below monster from my hand
and transport it to my field!
So please welcome,
gagaga magician!
I hope you know how
to pull this off!
ASTRAL: Yuma,
please wait!
Suddenly, I am
feelin' the flow!
Time for a little overlay
action with gagaga magician
and goblindbergh!
With These two monsters,
I build the overlay network.
I xyz summon,
number 39 - Utopia!
Alright,
now we're talking!
BRONK: Aargh, I can't
watch. It's too lame!
All he does is
rely on utopia.
Together: Ooooooohhh!
Look chills,
a number card.
Whatever will
we do, scorch?
Oh Wait, I know. I'll activate
the avalanche trap card and
freeze your utopia
in it's tracks,
preventing it from ever
being able to attack!
Ahh!
Utopia!
How do ya' like that, kid?
Your big bad
monster's been iced!
And guess what? If you're
thinkin' of usin it's special
ability - Don't bother,
cause if you do,
you'll be takin'
500 points of damage.
Seriously?
Well wait a minute,
maybe I can still find a...
forget it yuma, they
shut utopia down.
You know, I tried
to warn you.
I place two cards
facedown and end my turn.
Of course you're ending
your turn, pipsqueak.
There's nothin' else
that you can do.
But there's a lot
more that we can do!
For instance, I can shift
icebergdon into attack mode!
And know what else I can do?
I can have icebergdon
attack shark directly!
Bye Bye, traitor!
The only thing going Bye-Bye
is your monster's attack!
I activate utopia's
special ability!
Yuma, don't!
If you use that, you're
gonna get slammed
by that avalanche trap!
I'm not afraid to
take a little damage.
Go light wing shield!
If a hurting is what you want,
then a hurting is
what you're gonna get!
[screaming]
if I didn't know any better,
I'd be wondering if
yuma summoned utopia
just to protect shark.
Yuma, you shouldn't
have done that.
Aah, what friendship.
I'm so moved by this
touching display.
So moved, that I think
I'll you attack again.
Pompadour blizzardon,
attack shark directly!
I activate utopia's ability!
Go Light wing shield!
Yuma, you alright?
Argh!
That kinda smarts...
yuma...
are you just gonna
sit there, or are you
gonna stand up and battle?
Alright chumps,
I hope that's not
the best you've got!
My grandma duels way better
than you guys and like...
she's old.
I think pipsqueak's
tryin' to trash talk.
Well this should
shut him up.
I activate the volcanic
ash trap card!
Using this card's power,
I can put chills' pompadour
blizzardon in defense mode!
Uh, anyone know why he'd
put his teammate's monster
in defense mode?
Thanks for the hook-up.
Now, I activate the power of
the frozen ice cave spell card!
It can increase the
level of a monster
on my field in defense mode!
Oh, that's why!
So pompadour blizzardon
becomes level five!
That's two level
fives now. Not good.
I think you both know what's
about to happen next.
I overlay icebergdon and
pompadour blizzardon!
I hope you fellas
brought your jackets,
'cause the weather outside's
about to g asty!
I xyz summon number 19:
Freezerdon!
Shark, they got
two number monsters!
And I think it's time
I help out my partners
by activating freezerdon's
special ability!
So by using One overlay unit,
I can restore all of
volcasaurus' overlay units!
No way!
That is quite an
interesting tactic.
Now that it's got
it's overlay units back,
it can knock us
around some more.
That's convenient.
I place two cards
facedown, and end my turn.
No one can stand up to the
one-Two punch of fire and ice!
This is not right.
Something is strange.
They're cheating, yuma.
They are?
Cheating? What a sore loser.
Don't play dumb!
I know a cheater
when I see one.
And, I'm looking at two.
A cheetah?
Does he mean a large cat?
Cheater, not cheetah!
It's someone who
breaks the rules!
You mean...
I see!
They are being dishonest!
Figures you losers
wouldn't play it straight.
I'm gonna guess you worked out
a tagteam strategy in advance.
You figured out the
cards you needed,
and then rigged your duel
disk shuffle systems
to give 'em to you.
No way!
That's why they both just
happened to have level fives in
their hands When they activated
those egg traps!
So when scorch Used volcanic
ash to put chills'
monster in defense mode,
he did so knowing Perfectly Well
that Chills would then be able
to increase blizzardon's level
by Activating frozen ice cave.
They always know what
the other is holding,
and what they will draw next.
If that is truly the case, then
these two are not True duelists!
I can't believe you guys
call yourselves duelists.
You're just a couple
of cheating nobodies!
Tread Lightly, little shark.
Cheating's not a word you
wanna be tossing around.
Meaning the pot shouldn't
call the Kettle black!
Everyone knows you cheated
during the nationals!
You talk like a champion,
but a True champion wouldn't
Peek at his opponent's deck in
the waiting room
during the FINALS!
Announcer MALE: Weeks
of watching duelists
crush each other's dreams
have led to this!
Announcer FEMALE:
That's right, Ron!
The National duel tournament
Finals are here, and the
excitement in this
Arena has been
turned all the way
up to eleven!
this is it, this is my moment,
i have to win this thing.
...that's right, Meghan!
I know it's right, Ron.
Newcomer Reginald kastle has
managed to climb a mountain of
obstacles to become
the odds-On favorite.
is that his deck?
Will he rise to this final
challenge or will he buckle
under the weight of
expectation and pressure?
We'll find out after
a word from our sponsor!
CROWD: Shark! Shark! Shark!
Shark! Shark! Shark! Shark!
I got this.
Just one more turn...
I place one card facedown,
and end my turn!
a Facedown card...
it's gotta be...
the card I saw before...
mirror force.
this match is mine.
My turn!
I...
whoa, ladies and
gentlemen, hold up!
Kastle has been disqualified!
Security Caught some footage of
the hopeful finalist looking at
his opponent's deck minutes
before the duel started!
What Happened after that?
Oh right, the league banished
you for life and now you'll
never duel in a
tournament again!
Bummer!
I looked for five seconds, I...
I was so scared of defeat.
Was the wittle Bitty baby
afraid to lose the big duel?
Talk about pathetic!
Mommy...
losing makes me cry!
Waaaaah!
Stop it!
Why are you jerks laughing?
There's nothing funny
about letting your
fear get the best of you!
I should know,
cause I've been there.
When I was dueling shark,
I thought it was all over.
And so I busted
out a number card
even though I said I wouldn't.
I told myself I had
to, for shark.
But I realize that's
not really why I did it.
I just couldn't stand to lose.
Poor guy...
I betrayed myself out of fear.
I lost the duel and I lost a
piece of what makes me - me.
I never wanna make
that mistake again,
and shark feels
the same way.
So even if our backs are to the
wall and all hope seems lost,
we're gonna fight from the
heart, fair and square!
That's the difference
between us and you!
Heh!
What a sweet little speech!
Speaking of backs to the wall,
all you've got on your field is
a monster on ice. You're done!
Yuma...
huh?
Let's take these clowns out.
Yeah!
It's my turn!
I draw!
First, I'm activating
a spell card!
Xyz gift!
When there's at least two xyz
monsters on the field,
I can use xyz gift to
draw two more cards.
Next, I summon needle sunfish!
Now I activate the surface
spell card from my hand!
This allows me to summon one
water monster from my graveyard!
So watch out, 'cause big
jaws is coming back for more!
Do it, shark!
And now I overlay level 3
needle sunfish and big jaws!
With These two monsters,
I build the overlay
network and xyz summon
Black Ray lancer!
What's up, big guy?
Next, I activate black ray
lancer's special ability!
By Using One overlay unit,
I can stop volcasaurus from
using it's special abilities!
You what?
Now we can destroy
that number card!
Except that volcasaurus
has more attack points!
Oh Yeah, about that...
I activate needle sunfish's
special ability!
Since This guy was sent
to the graveyard,
volcasaurus loses
500 attack points!
Aw, yeah!
Now Black ray
lancer is stronger!
Shark really turned
the situation around.
What are ya' waiting for black
ray lancer, attack volcasaurus!
Go Shimmering Spear slash!
I activate
compensation exchange!
This trap card Stops Black
ray lancer's attack,
but now, my life points
get hit with all
of volcasaurus'
attack points.
Thanks a lot. You just
had to get in the way.
He takes the hits,
and I dish 'em out!
That's how the leaders
of the pack roll.
And now I activate
volcanic abyss!
With this card, I can check out
one of your hands and if there's
a monster card, it gets sent
back to your deck. Let's see...
you holding any monster
cards, pipsqueak?
He's talking to
me, isn't he?
Yes he is, and he is trying to
stop you from summoning a
monster on your next turn.
Aaah, are you serious?
gogogo Golem
AND monster reborn...
monster reborn.
there's no way that pipsqueak
knows how to use that.
You got a monster, now you have
to send it back to your deck.
Sorry, gogogo golem.
I place one card
facedown and end my turn.
And now I'll end you!
My move!
I draw!
Get ready to feel
the heat, shark!
Cause I'm activating
volcasaurus' special ability!
Magma Max!
First, volcasaurus destroys
Black Ray lancer!
And then you take damage
equal to black ray
lancer's attack points!
Nighty-Night, shark!
Look out!
You're finished!
Volcasaurus, take out shark's
black ray lancer!
And now shark,
say goodbye!
Not so fast!
I activate damage diet!
This trap cuts shark's
damage in half this turn!
And now,
I activate icy crevasse!
So now I can destroy
one of your monsters,
and then strike you
with damage equal to your
monster's attack points!
So you're tryin' to take out my
partner and his monster, are ya?
Well by Activating forced
change, I can make
freezerdon and me
take the fall instead!
[Screaming]
alright!
One down, one to go!
Why you little pipsqueak...
nobody messes with the chills!
I use volcasaurus' ability
to destroy utopia!
Oh man...
Damage Diet activate!
I'll finish you in a sec,
but now volcasaurus,
attack shark directly!
I play the final
offering trap card!
With This trap card's power,
I can force a battle to stop by
pulling one card from my hand,
and giving it
to another player...
like yuma!
Wha...
you mean you're...
are you sure you
can trust me with it?
Yup.
That card is...
lucky break for you!
But, now I activate
the twin volcano spell!
This card explodes
for 500 points of
damage during each
of my turns,
and it erupts with
500 points of damage
when I send it
to the graveyard!
Eh whoa Wait,
that means...
as soon as it
becomes his turn again,
he will be able to
defeat the both of you.
You little runts
are done for.
Not that you
ever had a chance!
That's where you're wrong.
You guys are the
ones who're done for.
Hope you're right.
I draw!
Okay Now, um... if uh...
the answer's right
in front of you!
focus.
you have to play
this right, yuma.
okay, if I use monster
reborn on Utopia, then...
oh wait!
armored xyz!
this was shark's card.
that's it!
What you failed to recognize is
that monster reborn can also
bring back a monster from
another player's graveyard.
I play the spell
card, monster reborn!
Is he really gonna
bring back utopia?
No bronk, I'm reviving black ray
lancer from shark's graveyard!
You could have brought out
a game changer like utopia,
but instead, you just
brought out a game ender!
You could have brought out
a game changer like utopia,
but instead, you just
brought out a game ender!
I don't think so.
You don't?
From my hand, I activate the
spell card... armored xyz!
That doesn't sound too good.
All of a sudden, you two losers
aren't looking so confident.
The power of this card allows me
to equip one monster on my field
with one xyz monster
in my graveyard!
Utopia, rise!
And now I equip black
ray lancer with utopia!
That's nice that you made your
lancer stronger, but did you
forget that only a number
can destroy a number?
We've got that covered!
TOGETHER: What?
As far as technicalities
are concerned,
black ray lancer now
has utopia's powers.
So basically, black ray
lancer is a number now!
Do you realize
what this means?
Volcasaurus is
goin' extinct!
Black Ray lancer,
attack volcasaurus!
Your partner's outta
the picture, and you've
got no monsters
to hide behind.
I think it's safe to say
that you're about to
get officially yuma-Ed!
Cause By sending utopia
to the graveyard,
black ray lancer can charge in
again and attack you directly!
Aarghh, no way!
Go Shimmering Spear slash!
[Screaming]
Woo!
They won!
Ya' did it, yuma!
Observation #12: Not every
duelist in this world duels with
honor. Some are willing to
compromise their spirits
as long as it means winning.
Wha... What happened
to us chills?
I dunno. I don't
remember nuthin'.
look!
It's shark!
Run away!
That's what I thought!
Don't you mess with us again!
Hey bronk...
I'm sorry I used a number
against shark when I said
I wouldn't, I'll never break
a promise again, I promise!
Uh Yeah... Well... Uh...
forget about it, yuma.
Let's just drop it
and have a duel.
Uh...
yeah you're on, bronk!
Right now?
I'm outta here...
Wait up!
There was um...
Oh, right!
Your armored xyz.
Don't you want it back?
Nah...
keep it.
You sure?
Yeah.
You can use all the
help you can get.
I'm the one who helped you!
Later.
Later, shark.